One caveat that I want to point out when we look at our option land component and our option div component
one of the great things about using the CSA as Block was that if we needed to ever change the appearance
of our links in our header and we were rendering different types of base HDMI components such as here
how we're using a link.
And here we're using div we're able to easily modify the styles in one place versus if we had written
this inside of each component respectively.
Like so then we would have to modify them.
So for example if we needed to change the padding we would have to manually change it here to 15 and
also reflectively change it in the option div whereas by using these optional container style CSF blocks
we can change it here and have those changes reflected everywhere right.
So that's a great usage in the C Ss block style which I wanted to us to learn.
But there's actually another way to make it even easier if the only difference between these two style
components is what type of base element it needs to return.
So what we can actually use instead of doing it like this and using the C Ss block is inside of the
component itself if option Lincoln option div are say the same and we just want this option linked but
as a div we can actually literally change it by using the as property and then passing in the string
of the element we want and you can even also pass a component like so if you pass it in like this.
If you wanted to use say any of our regular components that we've written before but instead I want
it div so I'll pass it as a string and now I'm able to see that our sign up button which is the component
we just replace is still a div.
So that's what's really cool is that by just doing this we're actually now able to reduce the amount
of code that we've written.
So now we can remove the CSX remove this.
Actually let's copy over these styles first right because now we can remove this we can remove the option
div component and now we can just paste in these styles we can remove our option div import
and we're no longer importing link as well inside of this component because all of our components are
now in the styles folder.
So now we'll see that we've reduced the amount of overhead we have in the amount of code we had earlier
while also keeping sure that our header is the same so I just want to point out that that's actually
a really cool little thing we can also use.
So we're just trying to explore as many of the tools that style components gives us and how much flexibility
we have within this paradigm.
OK.
Now let's continue converting our application over using style components.